Update DG (#278)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp: docs/_dg/UseCases.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable-file first-line-h1 -->
#### UC1: Add Item to Inventory

> <!-- Use Case 1 to 5 to be updated in another PR by Ting Kai-->

Reviewer: Let's add a TODO.

```suggestion
<!-- TODO: Use Cases 1 to 5 to be updated in another PR by Ting Kai-->
```
